docs: v3.0.0 Update release-notes.md (#1)
ibm-cloud-docs/powervs-vpc: release-notes.md

Use these release notes to learn about the latest updates to the Power Virtual Server with VPC landing zone. The entries grouped by date.
{: shortdesc}

## 27 October 2023
{: #powervs-vpc-sep23}
{: release-note}

> New product version `V3.0.0` introduced. The new product version supports the following:
> - Support all private PowerVS CIDRs in ACL rule;
> - Import any number of PowerVS images , and in parallel.
> - clean_default_sg_acl included in the landing zone preset to clean the default sg rule for new deployments
> - Upgrade to ibm-sles-15-4-amd64-sap-applications-6 & ibm-redhat-8-6-amd64-sap-applications-4 on intel VSI landing zone for new deployments. Will not affect the previous DA version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.0.0 of the available
:   Version 3.0.0 of the Power Virtual Server with VPC landing zone deployable architecture is available in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} [catalog](/catalog#reference_architecture){: external}.

    - Support all private PowerVS CIDRs in ACL rule;
    - Import any number of PowerVS images , and in parallel.
    - The `clean_default_sg_acl` input is included in the landing zone preset to clean the default sg rule for new deployments.
    - Upgrade to ibm-sles-15-4-amd64-sap-applications-6 & ibm-redhat-8-6-amd64-sap-applications-4 on intel VSI landing zone for new deployments. Will not affect the previous DA version
```
and so on. 

You want to use a definition list here. Here's a suggestion for how i do it with SLZ.

- All DAs now use terraform-ibm-modules/powervs-workspace/ibm module to create PowerVS Workspace.
- Change name of DCs in Drop down for DAs and make it more detailed for PER
- Upgrade ibm provider to 1.58.1 for all DA soltuions
- Expose NFS disk configuration and now it is optional. Size and mount path of volume can be specified.
- Faster parallel deployments of landing zone and PowerVS infrastructure
- Fix: dns settings on landing zone vsi (upgraded to 1.1.4 version ansible collection ibm.power_linux_sap collection)

> Breaking Change :warning:
> - :warning: Please backup the data on 10.20.10.4 private-svs-1 vsi under the /nfs directory before upgrading to this.
> DAs will be affected with recreating the 1TB storage disk as the new landing zone version will recreate the disk in correct resource group. :warning: There will be down time :warning: if upgrading the fullstack stack solution. All the ansible roles will be triggered again, acl rules will be updated and the nfs disk will be back.
> - When upgrading there will be downtime for about 20 mins, reboots of intel vsi will be made.
> - Not recommend to upgrade Quickstart Version as it recreates a VM, VPC subnets,  as this solution is purely for demo purposes and PoCs
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Breaking change]{: tag-red}
: Version 3.0.0 includes backward-incompatible changes. Review the following information before you upgrade.
    - Back up the data on the 10.20.10.4 `private-svs-1` VSI in the `/nfs` directory before you upgrade to version 3.0.0.
    - When you upgrade the full-stack solution, the Ansible roles are triggered again, the ACL rules are updated, and the NFS disk will be re-created.
    - Schedule the upgrade. 
        - The new landing zone version re-creates the 1 TB storage disk in a different resource group, so you will experience down time.
        - When you upgrade, the deployable architecture will be down for about 20 minutes, and the Intel VSI will reboot.
   - If you deployed the QuickStart variation, you might want to create another deployable architecture rather than upgrade. The VM and VPC subnets are re-created,, which might affect demos and PoCs, 

```

We don't use warning as a note.
